Analog Input Functions:
    getADC(addr, channel) - return voltage from single channel
    getADCall(addr) - return voltage from all channels
	
Digital Input Function
    getDINbit(addr,bit) - return single bit value
    getDINall(addr) - return all eight bits
    enableDINint(addr, bit, type) - enable interrupts for and input change for
        the specified bit
    disableDINint(addr,bit) - disable interrupts on the specified bit
    getTEMP(addr,bit,scale) - a special function to read a DS18X12 temp sensors
        attached to the specified bit. Scale values can be 'c', 'f', or 'k' for
        Celsius, Fahrenheit, or Kelvin. Note that this function takes about 1
        second to complete.

Digital Output Functions:
    setDOUTbit(addr, bit) - set single bit
    clrDOUTbit(addr, bit) - clear single bit
    toggleDOUTbit(addr, bit) - toggle a single bit
    setDOUTall(addr,byte) - set all the bits a once

Digital to Analog Converter & Pulse Width Modulator Functions:
    setPWM(addr,channel,value) - set PWM signal to 0 to 100%
    getPWM(addr,channel) - return current PWM setting.
    setDAC(addr,channel,value) - set DAC output voltage to 0 to 4.097 volts.
    getDAC(addr,channel) - return current DAC output voltage.
    calDAC(addr) - calibrate the DAC outputs. Use this function if you are
        unsure about the quality of your power supply.

Bicolor LED control functions:
    setLED(addr,color) - turn on one of the LEDs internal to the bicolor LED
    clrLED(addr,color) - turn off one of the LEDs internal to the bicolor LED

System Level Functions:
    getID(addr) - return descriptor string
    getFWrev(addr) - return FW revision in byte format
    getHWrev(addr) - return HW revision in byte format
    getADDR(addr) - return address of pi-plate. Used for polling available
        boards at power up.
    getINTflags(addr, int) - returns then clears all INT flags
    
Switch Functions:
    getSWstate(addr) - returns current state of on board switch. A value of 1 is
        returned when the switch is up and a value of 0 is returned when it's
        down.
    enableSWpower(addr) - pushing button on ppGPIO will short RPI GPIO23 to
        GND and then remove 5VDC 45 seconds later. Note that this setting is
        saved in nonvolatile memory and only has to be performed once
    disableSWpower(addr) - disables the above. Note that this setting is stored
        in nonvolatile memory and only has to be performed once.
    enableSWint(addr) - allows the switch to generate an interrupts when
        pressed. Global interrupts must be enabled before using this function.
    disableSWint(addr) - blocks switch on board from generating an interrupt.

Definitions:
    Address (addr): ppDAQC boards have jumpers on the board that allow
        their address to be set to a value between 0 and 7.
    ADC (analog to digital converter) channels can be 0 through 8 for a 
        total of 9 channels. Reading channel 8 will return the power supply
        voltage.
    DIN (digital input) channels can be 0 through 7 for a total of 8 channels
    DOUT (digital output) channels can be 0 through 6 for a total of 7 channels
    PWM (pulse width modulator) channels can be 0 or 1 for a total of 2
        channels. The output values can be between 0 and 1023.
    DAC (digital to analog converter) channels can be 0 or 1 for a total of
        2 channels. The output value can be between 0 and 4.096 volts
    LED (led) values can be 0 for the red LED or 1 for the green.

